you
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
Community mayors are spending thousands of dollars on this crap, trying to screen their employees and their nursing homes for something that's not gonna turn positive for a week, even though you're infectious.
I said, dude, you need these capture antigen things, where you're not looking for antibodies, you're actually looking for the virus.
So they're expensive.
But the antibody is what's on the membrane, the antibody specific for the COVID virus.
So patient sample, mix it up, but the whole virus is coming through.
And if it latches one of them, another antibody comes through and it turns color.
You get like the pregnancy test kit.
The first one of these I saw, we, 2021,
We had to go to Rome to speak to the Italian Senate.
And, um, I'm not vaccinated.
I don't have a card.
Neither did Dr. Malone.
He didn't have a card.
So, you know, I know you can't come in and out.
So we're raising hell.
So they go in and take us to see the, uh, the Senate doctor.
And he's got these little rapid flow cannon, rips it open.
I'm reading this thing, antigen test kit, not antibody, antigen, the protein.
It's testing for spike protein.
And it's accurate.
And it's as accurate as the PCR test would have been if you ran it at a CT of like 30.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline, from what I understand.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
the the
Maybe it's my fault.
Maybe I led you to believe it was easy when it wasn't.
Maybe I made you think my highlights started at the free throw line and not in the gym.
Maybe I made you think that every shot I took was a game winner.
That my game was built on flash and not fire.
Maybe it's my fault that you didn't see that failure gave me strength, that my pain was my motivation.
Maybe I led you to believe that basketball was a God-given gift and not something I worked for every single day of my life.
Maybe I destroyed the game.
Or maybe you're just making excuses.
What time is it?
Game time!
Woo!
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist where we stay focused on the biology, we don't take the bait on social media, and we know and love our neighbors.
Thank you very much for being here.
Please get your kids off of social media.
Please log off of all your social media accounts unless you're using them specifically to communicate with specific people.
Otherwise, you're just walking into the trap.
And more importantly, you're giving it to your kids.
You're giving your kids over to it as well.
We will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
Now, as much as I love the way that 2013 Brian Hooker can say that, I am very disappointed in all these organizations that seem not to be able to say it, including Children's Health Defense, where Brian Hooker now works.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think there's a better way to say it.
Autism Spectrum Disorder is a mythology.
It's used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a method, that virology is never questioned as a science, and that public health is never questioned as a reason or an answer.
and so we're going to address this one very quickly today in the beginning and also realize that pandemics and gain of function although they also serve as a myth which protects these these ideas it also has accomplished a few very specific things because whereby almost everyone on earth has come to accept that there was a novel virus
that PCR is a useful diagnostic, that COVID killed millions of people, and opioids don't do that, mRNA saved millions more, and social media is useful.
Ladies and gentlemen, the idea that the Health Freedom Movement is formed on and is facilitated by the free speech on social media is a terrible lie.
A terrible lie.
And that is the main accomplishment that's happened over the course of the pandemic.
And if we can't show our children why the cheese is free on social media, and we can't show our children the trap that we are in, they won't be able to get out.
That's the reality of the situation.
If we can't teach our children why social media is so awful and how coordinated lying is so manifest and facilitated by our use of social media, the kids won't understand why the cheese is free.
And therefore, they will die in that trap.
So ladies and gentlemen, it sounds dramatic, but it's not.
We've got to teach the kids the, the, the, the, the biology
Gotta correct all these slides with the double the there.
Thank you very much for pointing that out, Usain.
Anyway, yeah, it's GigaOM Biological, and we are here.
And we are not going anywhere.
I don't think...
Mark Kulak's going anywhere either.
He might not do a show every day for the next 70 days in a row.
He might do three shows one day and then skip a day.
But I tell you what will always be there as far as I'm pretty sure is his archive because it's backed up all around the world too.
What also will be there for a while is this substackbiologyphenomenon.substack.com which is a
It's a kind of best archive of what happened in Scotland, which is just a microcosm of what they did throughout the West, but especially in America.
America, the manslaughter was egregious.
And this is the truth I think everybody needs to understand.
Everybody that's lost a loved one to
Some kind of hospital protocol needs to revisit what that protocol was and what started the whole train for them.
They need to understand that ARDS is a condition that derives its name from the misuse of pure oxygen.
That's one of the truths that will set you free.
As long as you're staying focused on the biology, you might be here at the top of the wave, but if you're taking the
bait on social media.
You might be one of these guys down here that's getting knocked over regularly.
And you might not know who your neighbors are, so you might not really love them or even care about them.
And I can assure you, ladies and gentlemen, that knowing who your neighbors are and being able to network with them is going to be very important should the lights go out.
If the internet goes down, you're going to want to know your neighbors.
So you might as well get to it right now.
You're not going to agree on everything, but if you can start to realize that the red and the blue team are both performing for you, then I think you can help your neighbors pull their heads out.
Because you're not going to be taking this stance, which I think is an absurd stance at this point,
that Donald Trump is some kind of patriotic hero and 5D chess playing genius because this is just absurd.
And so I don't come at my family and friends or my neighbors with this idea anymore.
If you can't roll your eyes at what's going on right now with the big beautiful bill and all the nonsense that they're accepting as trade-offs, we are basically being run into the ground.
It's a cruise ship.
Everything is okay.
Maybe we're running out of food or something or it's a little old But the cruise ship is being driven into the rocks and in the meantime they are extracting all the value that they can and Donald Trump is a probably very witting and willing participant in it.
I think one of the
The hard truths that everybody, I think, needs to realize is, besides the fact that social media is a scam, I think you need to come to realize that the people that run this show, that have the little private meetings and the invite-only Chatham House rules kind of shit, these people see themselves as separate from the masses.
They see the masses as people that are too focused on today and tomorrow to see multi-generational plans.
They're too naive to think in multi-generational timescales.
And the ruling elite on Earth, across nations, agree that there is a species
to be governed there is a future which is multi multi-generational and if you're thinking on multi-generational time scales then huge changes can be made um significant social changes can be made over time scales that are just invisible to people who aren't regularly thinking that they are governed in this way but in fact that's not that dissimilar to a chicken
who gets raised for two years on an organic farm to give eggs and it seems like this is paradise on earth and then suddenly one day it's over, they're chicken soup and broth.
And in some respects, our society is moving very slowly toward that over the last 20 or 30 years.
And certainly one of the greatest impetuses for this change of sovereign individual to experimental animal and captive citizen is this human genome project.
And the realization that the medical data and the genetic data of every human possible
is the only hope they have of using a machine learning algorithm to make any headway at all in understanding ourselves
as a genetic entity.
Now, I'm using their terms and working under their assumptions because I do think it's important all the time to start out on ground that we all understand.
But of course, I want you to slowly move toward thinking about life as a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time.
And there's very little of the trajectory across time, the development, the optimization of development and what's required to do that in the
in this story of ourselves as a genetic being.
And so the emphasis on genes and the phenotype and rare diseases, which are also an emphasis on genes, is really ubiquitous throughout academic science.
In neurobiology, in molecular biology, in any real biomedical science, there's going to be an impetus to have a gene as part of your story.
Maybe even a genetic model, like a knockout mouse or an altered mouse.
to give you this special sort of tact on what is prioritized in the system, which is genetic causes of disease, genetic causes of behavior.
Genetic causes of behavior are some of the best things you can study in neuroscience in the study of the brain.
And so these themes belie a multi-generational plan to invert the sovereignty of our grandchildren.
so that their genetic and medical data can be regularly accessed.
And in fact, a personalized regiment of medicine and maybe even genetic medicines can eventually be applied in hopes that one day the tweaking of that, you know, by reiterations of the machine learning algorithm, reiterations of the data collection, reiterations of the genetic monitoring, all of these things, they don't know the data they need.
They don't know what they need to measure yet.
They're not even sure what phenomenon is changing across time And so they got a lot of monitoring to do a lot of data points to do but first they need to build an infrastructure and a society wherein the collection of this data and the surrendering to this
you know, technocracy, is widely accepted as just the way things are.
Not resisted, not even seen, but just accepted as normal.
And so this, we still have a small chance of evading because our children can still be awakened to the truth of this movement.
This Maha is a joke.
Why is that Maha?
Did I start the wrong?
Street.
Why is it that?
I thought I put a different, what in the world?
I thought I put a different thing there.
That should be that one.
Isn't that where we are?
Yeah.
That is so bizarre.
What in the hell is going on here?
It should be this slide.
Huh?
It looks different right here.
What is going on with this?
That is so weird.
Is there another slide?
Oh, there's two slides.
I get it.
OK, so my bad.
Let me do a selection here.
My bad.
I didn't play that slide.
And so I have a little glitch here.
Let's see.
What do I need to do?
I need the selection pane.
There we go.
And then this can go.
I'll just.
Yeah, I get it.
I get it.
I'm gonna resume the show first.
Oh, it's gonna crash on me now.
Darn it.
PowerPoint really hates me.
I think I can grind PowerPoint right into the ground with how I use it.
It's too much, Captain!
I haven't gotten a power!
Come on, you wuss!
Quit crashing!
There we go.
Okay, we got this one.
We're gonna get rid of Robert Malone here, delete that one, and then we'll do the slideshow.
So, we were, I am arguing, not that camera, this one.
I am arguing that Maha is a joke on America.
I'm not the only one, of course.
Peggy Hall, the healthy American, has been skeptical of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for a few years now.
She's been calling out the hogwash for a while now, blah, blah, blah.
But in reality, the people that are kind of calling out the differences in what people say versus what they do, they themselves don't have an answer.
Peggy Hall is not gonna tell you a very succinct thing about, you know, what I think is this, this, and this.
Peggy Hall's never said that all vaccines are bad.
Peggy Hall's never said that intramuscular injection is dumb.
Peggy Hall's never suggested that maybe there's no biology behind an RNA pandemic.
Peggy Hall's never said that these things should have been called transfections from day one.
Peggy Hall's never told you about the population pyramid and how they had a predicted rise in all-cause mortality.
And of course, Zubin hasn't told you, Vinay hasn't told you, Marty McCary hasn't told you, Brett Weinstein hasn't told you, even Heather Haying hasn't told you anything really useful.
And that's how you can see that MAHA is a joke on America.
And we've got to pull our heads out, ladies and gentlemen.
because just like Trump, these people are nothing but scripted bullshitters.
Yeah, that makes sense.
You would make more sense to me if that was the case.
I'm nervous.
I don't know why I'm nervous.
I feel like I know this is my truth, but I also feel like, what if it's not?
And that it's out of laziness.
Those of you who realize that you're surprised by this are gonna realize that you don't know me very well, actually.
I just wish I knew why nobody noticed.
Hello, my friends and fishes.
Courtney Mermaid here, and welcome back to another video.
Today, we are going to be looking at my autism assessment.
Autism assessment, it says.
I want to turn that thing off.
It's annoying me.
Where is it?
Is it under there?
No.
Where is it?
Oh, there it is.
Sorry.
There we go.
Ah, yeah.
Wow.
Okay.
So she's going to have an autism assessment journey.
This is a YouTube video that YouTube served me the other day, and I want to make a point with it.
Okay.
I'm going to make a very important point with it because I've been starting my stream for a while now with this idea that, that autism, autism spectrum disorder is a myth.
And this is the result of that myth.
And I'll do a little bit of impromptu stuff on a piece of paper in a minute.
But let's just listen to this person for a second.
Because I do think it's really important to see how hard they worked on this.
Because remember, Brian Hooker in 2013 did not use the word autism.
He didn't like the word autism.
And I believe
that this is the reason why it's the same exact problem that calling it autism spectrum disorder and roping more and more things into it as a diagnosis means that there's no focus on these kids with specific
sort of circumstances.
You know, like if you said that autism disorder covers all these things, including, you know, people that are hit by a car on a bicycle and get brain damage.
And yet these parents of the kids that got hit on a bicycle and then have brain damage are like saying, no, but this is not autism.
This is something that happened after he got hit by a car and he wasn't wearing a helmet and holy shit, there was blood all over his head.
And from then on, the guy couldn't talk anymore.
He's always said his words backwards and he's banging his head against the wall for the rest of his life.
Those parents,
don't need to be explained to that this is not autism, you see?
And yet at the beginning of this administration, they were briefly talking about profound autism as being different from all the other spectrum of disorders that apparently includes this adult who can make and edit YouTube videos.
journey.
My assessment took place over the span of two months with sort of like one or two appointments per week and then there was a gap of time where there were no appointments because you know they're compiling everything before they give you kind of the result.
So I'm gonna warn you now, this video is very much the real experience.
I left very little out.
I'm not gonna lie, when I tell you there was a lot of crying that took place in this video, especially towards the end.
If you're in the mood for a little bit of an emotional rollercoaster and you would like some insight into what the experience was like, how it went, my thoughts, and all of these things, then let's dive in.
So today is the intake for my autism assessment.
A number of you are gonna be like, now this is gonna shock you
what she says.
Because remember, this is an adult assessment.
This is an adult who's decided to go to the doctor to find out if she's autistic.
Now think about that for a second.
Is it because you're banging your head on the wall?
Is it because you can't control your bowel all day because your bowels hurt?
Exactly why is it that you have this idea that you might be autistic?
So listen to this carefully because this is really impressive.
Like autistic?
Oh.
No, you're not.
And it's called editing.
I've been actually dropping hints about this for the last seven months.
I will bring you along for the whole thing.
So she's a YouTuber who's been dropping hints for the last seven months that she's in fact autistic.
So what, who does, why are you doing that?
What, what exactly is going on here?
This is an autistic person who's living their life on YouTube as like a reality show?
Really?
Is that the kind of autistic kids that I have at my school?
Is that the kind of autistic kids that I've run into?
Is that the kind of autistic kid that Brian Hooker has at home?
May 17th, I'll have between one and two appointments.
every week from now until mid-June.
So June 23rd is gonna be like D-Day.
That'll be the day that they tell me whether or not that they think I'm autistic or not.
How did we get here?
That's a good question.
I'm so glad you didn't ask.
I was 25, I was minding my business, and YouTube recommended a video for me by a creator who doesn't make content anymore that I'm aware, or at least not on,
YouTube.
I had done some research, I had mentioned it in a few different ways to my family doctor at the time, and everybody just- So if you do your own research on YouTube with regard to autism, that's totally okay.
But if you do your research with regard to vaccines, or biology, or any other field, you would be an idiot.
kind of dismissed it as not a thing.
Oh, it's just a sensory disorder.
It's just, oh, it's just a sensory disorder.
Yeah, oh, it's just anxiety.
It's just oppression.
Is it though?
So 10 years, right?
And at the time I was, when I was 25, I was looking into places to go and get assessed, but at the time nobody was doing adult assessments and especially not adult assessments for women.
That wasn't a thing.
So I let it go.
I was like, whatever.
I know.
I know my truth.
Something is amiss.
If it's autism, if it's not, I don't know because I'm not a doctor.
But in my gut, I had a feeling that something was definitely... Now, don't you think that somebody like James Lyons Weiler, who says that autism is a complex thing of environmental and genetic, you know, causes, would be all over this?
But he's not, right?
He's not gonna come out and say, no, no, no, no, we're not talking about you.
Is Robert F. Kennedy gonna come out and say, no, no, no, no, we're not talking about you.
We're talking about profound autism.
That's how they did it in 2025.
They said profound autism.
And that was being very clear with everybody that we know the difference between a chick like this and people with profound autism.
We stand up for children.
What a, wow.
Askew, and I had started to notice it more and more.
So fast forward, things got really bad for me when I quit my industry, animation industry.
Think about how long Children's Health Defense has been allowing this kind of shit to go on with, again, the idea that autism spectrum disorder is getting wider and wider all the time.
But CHD's never really made a useful argument about the fact that, look, we're talking about kids that die.
or lose eye contact, lose bowel control, start banging their head within one week or two weeks after the shots, and it doesn't matter what shot it is.
How come they've never gotten to saying that those are the ones that we really want you to think about?
How come they haven't gotten down to saying, and those ones aren't actually autism?
Autism is kind of a stupid word when it comes to the specific thing that we're talking about with regard to vaccine injury, is what Brian Hooker, 2013, would have surely said.
But as the chief scientific officer of Children's Health Defense, he can only build a big top tent of health freedom because he is a traitor.
Maybe he was pressured.
Maybe the pay and the insurance is just too good and his life with his son is just too miserable.
That's fine.
You need to get a pair of balls, Brian, and you need to speak up for the grandkids of America, the ones that will potentially be as injured as your son in the future if you don't grow a pair, Brian Hooker.
Great job, I used to be in the animation industry as an artist.
When I left and I started working for myself... She was in the animation industry as an artist, but she's autistic.
Why isn't Brian Hooker angry about every single one of these people?
And why aren't they telling us that this is a trap, this is just ridiculous, this is just silly, and that to help her too!
Because this gives her an excuse.
Instead of a doorway out, it's like a doorway to acceptance.
Well, I guess I just have to accept that I'm fucked up and I can't do anything about it because I'm fucked up.
That's exactly what this message is.
And the message of all these people is, especially when they say, you know, there's some genetic vulnerabilities like this MTHFR gene.
full-time.
And then my life fell apart, which was a whole other thing.
But I noticed even more things about myself that were starting to bubble to the surface.
And then the pandemic hit.
And then TikTok.
TikTok started showing me autistic creators within my first hour.
And I'm starting to to notice like weird things.
I'm like,
I do that.
Don't even, keep your opinions and shit to yourself.
I'm sitting there and I'm like, boy, this is starting to sound weird.
And now I'm doing more research and more research.
And I found out there were- So YouTube and TikTok are the reason why she decided that she needed to be diagnosed as an adult.
So do you need any more proof that social media has been weaponized against us?
Do you need any more proof that social media is not helpful, but it is detrimental?
That it is designed to mislead these kids?
Ooh, it's the Chinese TikTok that's doing it.
Ooh, it must be TikTok, it's weaponized against us.
Yeah, so is Snapchat, so is Discord, so is Facebook, so is Twitter, so is Blue Sky.
It's all a joke.
The only thing that works is having your own website and you having your own website and me following you and giving a link on my website and that's it.
And if I don't trust you, I won't put a link there and I won't share any of your work and that's it.
That's the only way this will work.
If you surrender your attention to their programming, which they call an algorithm so that you think it's spontaneous or random or something that they don't have control over.
No, you are surrendering to their programming.
And this is what happens in the extreme case of extremely skillful use of social media.
Because she believes that there's truth there.
tests, like tests that you could take, like legitimate tests that you can take, but they will help give you an idea as to whether or not autism is maybe something you should be assessed for.
So, and the tests include, okay, so there's the ASPE quiz, the RADS-R, CAT-Q, autism spectrum quotient, quotient?
I don't know how to say this shit.
And then, um, like,
40, no, 60 pages of my elementary school report cards.
And then I also found some photos of myself as a kid that I feel like shed some light on a few things.
It's a lot, okay?
It's a lot of stuff.
I didn't just wake up one morning and say, hey, wouldn't it be cool if I was autistic?
The first quiz that I did was the ASCII quiz.
My neurodiverse score was 146 out of 200, and my neurotypical score was 67 out of 200.
So that's kind of what it looks like.
Okay?
So, I printed it off, and I kind of sat on it, and I was like, what do I do with this?
What do I do with this information?
So, with the help of a really good friend, I don't know if he's comfortable with me saying his name on here, so I'm gonna just, we're just gonna keep him anonymous, him and his wife.
You know who you are if you happen to be watching this, and how much I appreciate, like, wow, why do I feel like I'm gonna cry?
and how much I appreciate the response that you had.
When I was telling you, and I, you know, I popped out some earplugs, and I was telling, telling a little bit about, like, what I was thinking and what was going on, and he said, yeah, that makes sense.
You would make more sense to me if that was the case, and I just thought, that just stuck with me in my mind when he said that, and I thought, like, we went to school together as well.
The particular year of school wasn't a good one for me.
It's really funny.
I want you to think about how amazing that is that people have been so diluted in their understanding of their own biology that they think that autism is something that they kind of get.
When I grew up, the best example that I had of autism was Rain Man.
And if you haven't seen the movie Rain Man, boy, are you missing something.
So this is a remarkable fracturing of our
of the idea of who we are as a species, as a being, as sovereign individuals, as people.
who are put on this earth with a purpose, that we have a responsibility to find, that we have an opportunity that only lasts for so long, that we have an opportunity to take, a responsibility to take advantage of.
And this person has completely inverted that idea.
She's trying to figure out under whose governance she lives, under which genes she's suffering.
Under what diseases does she suffer?
What burdens does she carry?
Think about getting out of bed every morning like this.
There are literally, actually millions of people on earth right now, and especially in the West, that think exactly like this.
And they use that same extremely analytical, super skillful use of social media to figure out how to have an opinion about transgender, about how to have an opinion about money, about how to have an opinion about welfare, about how to have an opinion about vaccines, about how to have an opinion about the Middle East, about Jews.
Think about this.
This is not just one little screwed up girl.
She's explaining to you how screwed up everyone is that's skillfully using social media.
They might not think they're autistic, but they don't doubt that she is.
It makes more sense if you are.
Think about this carefully because our children will soon be in this group of people if we do not get them off of social media.
It is absolutely inevitable.
If we do not get our kids off of social media, all of our children will potentially be diagnosed as somewhat autistic by the time they're 25 and have been out on their own for a few years.
Because I don't think people grasp what it's like when you know something about yourself is
Uneven is what it feels like for me personally.
This is not every how does it feel?
uneven if you've never been even I Mean that's really like looking down and saying man.
I just feel like my My junk is a lot smaller than it should be.
I mean, I feel like a guy with a bigger
a bigger unit than I have.
So I'm just kind of confused.
I've been walking around my whole life not really understanding why what's in my imagination doesn't jive with what I see when I open my underwear.
This is so dumb.
This is so ridiculous that somebody has used skillful media, social media so well that when they look in the mirror, they're confused about what's happening.
And they can't imagine the idea that they have control over their own thoughts.
They can't imagine that they have control over how they feel themselves.
They are trying to find the causes of how they feel externally from themselves because social media tells them that's where it is.
The only causes inside of you are genes.
Everybody's experience, I'm sure everyone's got a different experience.
But something feels uneven.
It feels like I'm standing and I'm lopsided.
And having it shrugged off, like having every experience that I have shrugged off is not a big deal.
So when I ended up on TikTok and found out that there were other people like me, people who do repetitive things and people who speak a certain way, people who have the same struggles that I do to make eye contact, clothing.
Like, have you ever noticed that I'm always wearing this?
Like, has this ever occurred to anybody?
Like, in the morning, this is the only thing I can wear first thing in the morning.
I'm not even wearing pants right now, just if that makes you feel any better.
And going through my report cards, I think, was the biggest eye-opener.
She needs to learn to make eye contact.
She needs to learn to play nicely with the other children.
She's too loud.
She's too quiet.
She fidgets too much.
She needs to try harder.
And then looking at my grades and thinking to myself, how did nobody ever
figure this out.
So here we are at the start of all of this.
I have my appointment is at 2.30 and I wanted to bring you guys along for the ride.
Today's the intake.
I guess we just go over the hate.
Okay, I'm not gonna put you through any more of that.
I just want you to make sure you understand why it's so important to see it for what it is.
The reality is that autism spectrum disorder is a myth.
and they enforce this myth with a commitment to it.
So Brian Hooker needs to say that autism exists.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
needs to tell you that autism spectrum disorder, sorry, I thought that would stay there for a little while, but I guess it's gonna play on.
I gotta set that up.
better uh this one has to revolve then right automatically loop why would it transition then it shouldn't transition automatically there we go maybe that'll work better wow my slideshow's not working very well today so um
I think it's so crucial to understand how big a weakness this is for the fake health freedom movement.
This idea that autism spectrum disorder is a real thing that doctors need to argue about.
And all of these people, from Robert Malone, to Robert F. Kennedy Jr., to Meryl Nass, to Mary Holland, to Del Bigtree,
to Peter McCullough and Pierre Corey, to Jessica Rose, they're all going to agree that autism spectrum disorder is real, just like they're all going to agree that the spike protein has furin cleavage sites in it, and that made the COVID go so fast.
Because they all, wittingly or unwittingly, are in on this game to hide that intramuscular injection itself is dumb.
And so right now you're gonna see a bunch of influencers talking about the mRNA shots as separate from the regular shot schedule and having differences that create dangers that aren't present in the original schedule.
This is exactly the illusion that EpiGirl, Jessica Rose has been out there from the very beginning to say.
that there's a new signal in VAERS that wasn't there before.
And therefore, this is evidence that these new shots are worse than the old shots.
And at the same time, we have this background rumor that there's some DNA contamination, that they rushed it.
And of course, there are lots of other ways to make RNA.
There's lots of other things you could use like DNA and electroporation.
And so they put Robert Malone on the ACIP so that they can update the vaccine schedule.
And we can have this nuanced discussion about how certain combinations of intramuscular injection are actually really great and extremely promising for curing rare diseases.
We'll just have to make it for you personally, because we can't make big batches of RNA pure.
And also virology not being questioned is never going to,
None of these people, Jessica, Rose, they're not going to have any nuanced understanding of how virology is almost exclusively based on making pure quantities of DNA or RNA that could never be made in the wild and applying them to cell culture in animals and calling it virology.
It's just transformation and transfection in a million forms.
And the primary
technology that's used in virology, it's all just the Human Genome Project.
It's just sequencing the random noise in the background, using PCR primers that are blind to what they amplify and using algorithms to say what was found, and then making synthetic constructs, copies of whatever they say was found and transfecting things with it.
They are not doing virology, ladies and gentlemen.
They are doing exploratory molecular biology on an irreducibly complex background that's part of us and everything else.
And the only way they're going to get away with it is if you don't question public health and you eventually surrender your sovereignty to this imperative.
This disease as challenge.
Everything that we believed 2020 was right six weeks ago.
It's different than anything we've seen before, and maybe the way we've taken care of things is not the right way of doing it.
There is a lively and healthy debate that I think is a good debate about what the right thing to do here is.
I'm concerned that if we continue on the path that we're on, that hundreds of thousands of lives and lungs may be at risk.
So this is a video from 2020, like in May, maybe even in late April.
And of course, Kyle Seidel, the star of the show there, has got other videos where he's using like crazy amounts of oxygen.
And treating these people with crazy amounts of oxygen, of course, will produce ARDS in a certain percentage of them, maybe a large percentage of those patients.
And so the confusion that was created by the protocols that were insisted on using because they needed to stop the spread of this dangerous virus, they didn't understand how it was presenting.
But the assumption was that one of the cardinal ways that people presented, and of course we can see video of Pierre Kory saying this, that he went to New York City and what he found was all these patients presenting with a pulse ox around 80.
And that, I guess, according to the protocols for COVID, was a reason to vent.
And certainly it was a reason to give people supplementary oxygen if you didn't have a vent for them.
And couple that with the fact that the underlying assumption was is that venting people would stop the nosocomial spread in hospitals.
And so this narrative was laid down meticulously by actors in 2020.
One of the most egregious examples of this is Kyle Seidel.
But they're cautioning others that changing the protocols could endanger lives.
You see that?
This is New York Times.
Sorry, I got to play it.
And then I got to go back to that.
See, listen to him.
Don't deviate from the protocols.
Because we know they're going to reduce mortality.
That's an ICU physician.
And my dollars to donuts is that he, if he really questioned himself, what he did in 2020, if he's not a paid actor and on the script, he would come to realize that he was part of manslaughter, like murdering a lot of people.
He killed a lot of people.
Because you can't just willy nilly put people on high pressure ventilators.
You can't put people on high concentrations of oxygen just because they're presenting with a symptom
and it makes sense to you to give them pure, that's no, no.
And they had more professional responsibility than they are letting on because again, hiding behind the protocols that the administrators of hospitals said you had to follow in order to get paid.
right?
You're not going to get, if you don't treat COVID patients with the COVID protocol, then you can't call them COVID patients.
And so this administrative protocol, this administrative, um, sort of rule was enforced all across the United States.
And these jackasses wittingly or unwittingly are part of that theater.
And this is the evidence of it.
If you ask physicians a month and a half ago, hey, someone comes in breathing 40 times a minute.
Low oxygen levels.
Somebody was in O2 sat in the 80s.
They will tire out within a few hours.
So what's your next step?
Before COVID-19, I would recommend putting you on a breathing machine.
I would have rushed to intubate.
Because that was probably the right thing to do.
I know when to put in the breathing tube.
I've worked long enough and I've worked enough places with enough people.
But in this disease, it is extremely confusing.
You know, it just doesn't make sense.
Listen, I stocked up for the apocalypse like most people.
Now I just can't believe that I thought that I'd somehow be home to make all my frozen food.
On a normal day in an ICU, you have very sick patients.
Patients will are dying, but this is just different.
It's just you have a disease we don't understand that is very deadly with patients that are scared and staff that are scared.
And on top of that, it does not appear that we have a good treatment strategy.
So he's convinced that it's a disease that's very deadly.
but there's nobody dropping dead in New York City.
There's nobody, they're not bringing in ambulances of dead people to the hospital.
That's not happening at all, but they did give out DNR orders so that people were not resuscitated when they had a heart attack at home.
So I don't know really where he gets this idea that it's a very deadly disease.
I think it's a script that it's a very deadly disease.
The message needs to get out that it's a very deadly disease.
other than a ventilator.
And we don't, we're not sure when to put a breathing tube in.
You know, the crux of it is we don't want to put a breathing tube.
We don't know when to put a breathing tube in.
What he's admitting to you is there's no reason to do it.
If a person has an 80% saturation but can talk, there's no reason to put them on a ventilator.
But they just said, well, I guess I would.
Anybody that can talk doesn't need to be on a ventilator.
Maybe a breathing machine, so that would be supplementary oxygen, carefully monitored and re-humidified and combined with nitrogen.
You see, this is the trick.
that was played early in the pandemic that we don't know what we're doing.
We have no idea what this is so different that you might just need to use whatever's in at hand, which might include supplementary oxygen with no breathing machine, just a tank and a mask like old people use.
Because that's where they were.
This is the, you know, the hospitals in New York with equipment and shit.
This isn't the rural hospitals.
with like four ventilators in their ICU, three of which are being used.
And in those places, this theater resulted in the willy nilly use of supplementary oxygen.
And he even made videos about it.
to someone who doesn't need it, knowing that there's a 70% chance they'll die, and then we don't want to not put it in to someone who would need it.
So, 70% chance they will die if they put him on a ventilator, but he thinks it's the disease killing them.
You see, this is how remarkable this bullshit show is.
That guy belongs in jail.
Too late.
Treat severe coronavirus cases like acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Acute respiratory distress syndrome is also the term they use to describe the original SARS disease set.
But in reality, according to all the papers that I've found and all the textbooks that I've found on ICU medicine and emergency medicine, ARDS, acute respiratory distress syndrome, is a syndrome that most often results in a hospital from the improper use of pure frickin' oxygen.
It's a script.
It's a very malevolent script.
that has been reiterated and adjusted from the first SARS, reiterated and adjusted from the MERS from decades, ladies and gentlemen.
This is one continuous shit script.
What does that say?
Coronavirus patients have low oxygen but lack other distressing symptoms usually seen in ARDS.
So we give them oxygen and then they develop all the symptoms of ARDS because that's what oxygen does.
Here's the admission right here.
Written by the New York Times in 2020.
How's that?
How's that for some bullshit right there?
They don't have any of the other symptoms of ARDS until we give them supplementary oxygen.
And then whoops, now they got it.
You go to the ER and there's like, you know, 40 people that need oxygen and they all look terrible.
But they can all talk to you in no apparent distress whatsoever.
And then you get no apparent stress whatsoever.
And then you give them oxygen and they tank.
get them on a monitor and you look up and you see this oxygen saturation of like 45 or 50%.
Bullshit.
I'm calling bullshit on that.
There's no fricking way anybody was in there with a 40% saturation.
He's a liar.
That's ridiculous.
This is impossible.
This is not possible.
How can this be?
It's just not compatible with life to have an oxygen saturation that low.
You know?
This is strange.
Like it's out of a horror movie.
I've been... How can they be talking to you then?
Is there not a doctor in the house that can evaluate the possibility that either that reading is wrong or something else is going on here?
But this is remarkable, right?
Because
We are talking about, I would, I would, I don't even know what to say.
These people are awful.
And for sure, Kyle Seidel is the worst.
Unable to sleep because I'm trying to wrap my head around this.
This goes against anything I've ever believed.
The paradigm of ARDS is not matching with the patients that I'm seeing.
So it's like trying to fit a square peg into a round hole.
At the core of the core of the core, it is just what disease are we treating?
You know?
And are we treating something that is naturally aired?
Yes.
Or are we not?
We protect the lung against what we do to the lung.
The type L
cannot be treated as a classical ARDS.
And I do really think that this was another bamboozlement that they did, that the x-ray could tell you whether you had ARDS or not, independent of whether you might've had it from some other thing.
Again, these are people who never had an x-ray of their lungs in the last 20 years.
And then they went into the hospital and everybody told them that if they x-ray their lungs and it looks like that, they must have ARDS.
couldn't, it couldn't be COPD from years ago.
It couldn't be chronic fatigue syndrome from years ago.
It couldn't be emphysema building up in their lungs from all the smoking or, or the lack of exercise or, you know, the, the, the myriad of explanations for that difference between those two things was exclusively attributed to a novel virus.
And nobody questioned it on these narratives and these videos that we were all forced to watch because social media is not spontaneous.
is not the classical RDS.
You cannot do the same protocol for everybody.
If they come and you don't have an idea if the patient is type L or type H, you probably do some disaster in 50% of the population.
That's probably not entirely wrong, but it's the idea that you have to check for it because there is a novel virus and you can check for it with an x-ray as part of the problem.
So they will do more harm than good for most coronavirus patients.
And why is that?
Because it's very simple for all you doctors out there.
The application of pure oxygen is a toxin.
It's a toxin.
It's toxic.
You can't do that.
And yet that's what these jackasses are all talking about doing.
because the pulse ox was like 80.
And one guy said it was like 40, but it wasn't.
That's a lie.
What he's saying is that you just have to be like gentle.
You know, people will need a ventilator and those that do need as high oxygen as possible, as little pressure as possible.
As high of oxygen as possible.
In order to buy time until this like demon virus stops.
these patients.
Oh, and now it's just fueling the broader descent.
And so there were the, we can't have any descent right now, or it's going to screw up our response to the virus.
Holy balls have ARDS.
I think the editorial has both been misinterpreted.
And I think people have misunderstood that it's just that it's an editorial.
It's not a study and it's not a trial.
I don't doubt that people have seen some cases with some terrifying low oxygen numbers on average,
They're as sick as prior cohorts with ARDS.
They're as sick as prior cohorts.
So have they been taking the extreme examples that they could find in these hospitals and claiming that they've never seen this before?
Cause it sure sounds like that doctor saying exactly that.
That these people are no different than the extreme examples we've seen before.
They've got to stop this script.
This is wrong.
and that you can see it now, you can hear it now, because some of them are not on a script.
Some of them are just saying it.
But Kyle Seidel's on a script.
To say that it's not a settled question.
Every hospital in the world is probably solving this problem slightly differently.
We're using an early intubation strategy here, and of our first 66 patients, already a third of them have been extubated.
I'm arguing for evidence-based medicine, which is something that we all purported to agree with before this outbreak.
hit.
We have large randomized controlled trials.
The patients in those trials have met the same diagnostic criteria that our current patients meet.
We should apply the results of the trials.
Today, we do not rush to intubate.
Intubation has become the last resort.
and the protocol went.
So it became a last resort.
So how many people did they manslaughter?
How many people were killed?
This is the assessment that needs to happen.
Because if this video is already saying that we used to do it as the first resort, because it's just so hard to tell whether they need it or not.
And now we don't, we use it as the last resort.
So how long has this been?
Intubated has changed drastically.
So within the last two weeks, I think what has been unacceptable has become very acceptable.
Some of these patients don't need to be intubated.
You, you watch them carefully.
You make sure their oxygenation is, is adequate and they can recover.
i am not saying we don't need ventilators but perhaps we need to think about how we're using them somebody this is scripted bullshit understand that right it's scripted bullshit from 2020 the debate about what to do what's the protocol how to do it it's all part of the same malevolent show
The same malevolent show where everybody just seems to be completely naive that a half a million Americans have been killed by opioids in the last five years.
Completely naive to the fact that there was a anticipated rise in all cause mortality that was gonna, you know, probably bankrupt social security and Medicare if we didn't do something about it that people like Ted Turner have been crying about for the last 20 years.
These people are woefully unaware of that too, because this is a new disease.
I can't really figure it out.
I'm, I got all this frozen food.
I'm not even eating it.
and preferably people.
See you in a minute.
Galileo's head was on the block
The crime was looking up the truth.
And as the bombshells of my daily fears explode, I try to trace them to my youth.
And then you had to bring up reincarnation over a couple of beers the other night.
And now I'm serving time for mistakes Made by another in another lifetime How long till my soul gets it right?
Did any human being ever reach that kind of light?
I call on the resting soul of Galileo King of night vision, king of insight
And then I think about my fear of motion, which I never could explain.
Some other fool across the ocean years ago must have crashed his little airplane.
How long till my soul gets it right in any human form?
to reach that kind of light.
I call on the resting soul of Galileo, king of night vision, king of insight.
I'm not making a joke.
You know me.
I take everything so seriously.
If we wait for the time till our souls get it right, then at least I know
I offer thanks to those before me That's all I've got to say Cause maybe you squandered big bucks in your lifetime
But then again it feels like some sort of inspiration To let the next life off the hook But she'll say, look what I had to overcome From my last life, I think I'll rise
Till my soul gets it right Can a human being ever reach the highest light Except for the resting soul Of Galileo King of night vision King of insight How long Till my soul gets it right Till we reach the highest point Till my soul gets it right Till we reach the highest point
Oh, it's hard not to like the Indigo Girls.
I don't care what you say about them.
I love them.
I saw them in concert in Chicago, and it was a great concert with exactly as amount of energy you'd expect them to have.
Actually, JJ Cooley's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
I just wanted to get back to this because I think the theater is so thin right now.
As I titled the show, the bricks are visible.
The bricks are these monkeys on social media.
The bricks are the narrative that these monkeys have sustained with their performance.
and the scripted bullshit that they are saying over the last six years.
And I don't care anymore whether they're witting or unwitting because anybody that's still on script has to be on team now.
Even if it's just because she believes her husband is not a liar, she believes her husband is actually just coming up with these ideas on his own, when in fact he's not, he's a scripted bullshitter.
And he has been a vapid scripted bullshitter since I met him on Signal in 2020.
This is a monster because any reasonable study of his
track record would reveal, for example, a six year track record with not a single podcast with a single diagram of what he considers the natural immune system and how it's organized.
Not one attempt at teaching that or talking about it or showing that he understands the basics of it.
Whereas in my list of videos that I've done over the last five years, there's probably a hundred
videos where i tried to teach the immune system in combination with the ridiculousness that virology represents in the light of that so i just want to bring to your attention that the admissions that they make include the timeline and you can see it so amazingly right now it might hurt but brett weinstein is such a scripted fraud
that I don't think I'll ever have the privilege of being in the same place as him again, because like Jessica Rose decided not to come to Brownstone in Pittsburgh in November of 2024 or 3, 4,
three, it was four.
She will, she, uh, Brett Weinstein will never show up at another event that I'm registered to.
I'm, I almost guarantee it because he cannot stand the scrutiny that I would represent because his fraud is based on him having never met me, never having read a signal chat from me, and more importantly, never having learned anything about
biology from me, even though I have a whole signal chat on my phone where I teach him everything that he says with regard to the simple version of why mRNA doesn't work.
Without saying the word transfection, of course, he's not going to do that.
This is remarkable though, because he is going to do it in the context of saying that he's been a guy who's been calling out Vinay Prasad.
and calling out ZDogg.
And so he's not going to jump to the conclusion that, wow, maybe these guys were scripted on their bullshit because I don't understand how these two podcasting buddies are now at the FDA together.
That's weird.
Bret Weinstein's not going to question that at all.
But instead, he's going to try to make it a story about himself
and these two guys focusing on the wrong things or not getting it as right as as as as Brett and Heather got it right.
So when he starts out in this video he's talking about Vinay Prasad and then he will refer to his partner in crime ZDogg.
I might have to escape and start it again.
during COVID, where he played a positive role in some regards and a very negative role.
That's Vinay.
He's talking about Vinay.
And you will remember Zubin Damania, ZDogg, um, were frequent, uh, uh, podcasts.
Um, At this stage, you should realize that if they mentioned them and they say them and there's a rivalry between them, it is manufactured.
That's why Robert Malone sued Jane Ruby and the Breggins.
That's why George Webb pretended to sue Robert Malone.
That's why Robert Malone will never sue me for calling him a traitor or a liar.
That's why Jill Glasspool Malone will never sue me because I call her a traitor and a liar every day.
And if I haven't, I would like to do it again today.
Jill Glasspool Malone is a traitor and a liar, but they're never gonna sue me for that.
They sued the Breggins for saying that they said something like mass psychosis or something.
It's just an absurd show with scripted bullshitters.
Now remember, first of all, in this same podcast, which I'm not gonna play right now because there's just too many hits, he claims that Robert Malone lost the Nobel Prize because he came on the Dark Horse podcast in June of 2021.
I shit you not.
Bret Weinstein claims that Robert Malone lost the Nobel Prize because he came on his podcast
And of course, the consequences for Brett's family were that their YouTube was demonetized as a result.
See you later, Catherine.
Good to see you in the chat.
I don't know what you would call them.
I think it was Zubin's podcast, but Vinay was frequently on as a guest and they would talk about COVID and they were, you know, positive in some ways.
They had a certain amount of heterodoxy to them, but they were actually quite nasty to us specifically, Zubin especially.
Now, like censorship was used to drive people's attention to where they wanted it to go.
You know, like the censorship of Robert Malone on LinkedIn got everybody to go to Gab with him.
The censorship of Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch and Brett Weinstein is what got everybody to go to locals.
And so just like censorship, they also use these fake rivalries, these fake arguments like Kevin McCairn and Andrew Kaufman did at the beginning of the pandemic, where Kevin McCairn was telling everybody that we had to fight against the no virus people.
And here's a list of who I'm talking about.
And this is nothing but a continuation of that same fake
script where everybody is kind of queued up against each other that's the same thing that Sam Cedar does when he makes fun of Tim Pool or when Sam Cedar makes fun of Tim Pool promoting Brett Weinstein and then makes fun of Brett Weinstein because Brett Weinstein's a dumbass it's all the same network of shitheads and as long as you're watching one part of that Lollapalooza of Liars it doesn't matter where you wander
It doesn't matter what stage you're at or what concession stand you go to, you're screwed because you got the armband on.
Regarding ivermectin, and there are a couple... I want to show this to you.
It's about ivermectin.
For some reason,
People want to turn to conspiracies.
Bret Weinstein wants to turn to conspiracies when he talks about ivermectin.
Their medical-industrial complex is keeping ivermectin down.
Oh, geez, Bret.
We have so much... And so now you can see it, right, already, that Zubin creates the opposing force and the ridiculous nature.
Ivermectin is dumb.
And at the same time, over here, we have all these people who are saying, no, no, it's not ridiculous at all.
But they're all willing to say each other's name, and they're all willing to make a big fuss about the other person.
That's how you can see it.
If they say their name, you know, not like JJ Cooey, but they say their name over and over and over again, they say the website, oh yeah, you know, Robert Malone, the inventor of the mRNA.
fucking time to sit and think about keeping ivermectin down, rank and file doctors, even doctors high up in leadership.
We go, man, we just sit around thinking, God damn, how are we going to stop this cheap and effective drug from being released?
Make no mistake about it.
Brett Weinstein is using this video to try and claim authenticity, to try and claim that this video means that he was right and there's evidence that other people were wrong.
And what I would like to suggest to you is if you imagine a script on a longer timescale in a couple weeks, you can see how ridiculously easy it would be to put people on the web and give them scripts and make sure you tell, hey, you gotta do a bad one on Brett Weinstein today because he's talking all about ivermectin.
And if this dipshit doesn't know, if this dipshit is just a wannabe performer who wants more followers and more fame,
and he'll read any script that he's given, he'll sing any song or do any spoof video he's given, because he just wants to be the Weird Al Yankovic version of Da Doctor.
Then if you cue this guy up and say, you need to do something really mean and say the F word a couple times about Bret Weinstein and Ivermectin, he'll do it.
And then a couple years later, this guy can use that video as clout.
And can you see how social media is being weaponized against you?
If Brett Weinstein's wife said my name and said that I was insisting it should be called transfection in 2021 and didn't say it until 2022.
And now they're here pretending that this is their opposition.
This is their evidence that they are good guys.
while ignoring the fact that they were getting tutelage from me, listening to me, reading my review as I was writing it with Piper Stover, unbeknownst to me, until May of 2021, when I had all this biology down, including the fact that they were lying about a background signal that these people still don't get.
It's because they're on a script.
and anything that they seem to absorb or bring in is a fraction of the truth.
And you will see it in spades today.
It's to the public because it would save lives and we better promote our vaccines because we're getting kickbacks.
Dude, shut the fuck up, Brett Weinstein.
You're a smart guy.
You're very articulate.
You do understand science.
What is wrong with you, dude?
What is- So you are a smart guy, you are articulate, and you,
You understand science, so you have my approval.
You are a smart guy.
You understand science.
What's wrong with you?
And of course, anybody that's watching this video that has any curiosity at all is gonna go find out and listen to Brett and Heather.
fucking wrong with you.
Sam Harris did a really good piece about what Brett and Heather are doing.
You know, I used to have a lot of fucking respect for those guys.
They have jumped off the deep end of madness.
There's nothing here if he's going to use the F word like this.
This is nothing here but psychological warfare because nobody with a
sort of attitude about being a professional and also a dad and also a doctor would ever use the f-word this many times so ridiculously and he would have taken this video down I mean it's just ridiculous this is this is absurd
Even in my most angry moments, spontaneously on my live stream, and this is not a live stream.
On my live stream, I've never used the F word like this guy's using it.
And that shows you that this is a script.
Because again, this is not a live stream.
This is an uploaded video.
Even after all the fireworks were over with and he didn't, and he watched it and he edited, he decided that's what he wanted to put up.
And that's how you can see it's a script.
Seriously, if you don't know what I'm talking about, that's good for you.
It's better that you don't.
Like if you have to rely on conspiracy and regulatory capture and all that to explain everything, there's something wrong with you, all right?
Also talk to a real fucking immunologist.
Okay, so that is- When is that from?
I don't remember.
He doesn't remember when it's from because he doesn't want you to know where this is on the timeline because he doesn't want an accurate timeline.
And that is not an understatement.
That's exactly the way the script works.
If he's allowed or forced to accurately reflect on the script that he was given to read, he too will see himself as a jackass.
That's the trick here.
We can't, we can't, his handlers,
cannot allow him to think too hard about what they scripted him to say in 2020 or 2021, or he might actually be smart enough to figure out that they played him.
He doesn't even know when that fricking video is from.
It would be kind of relevant if it was before or after Robert Malone was on his stream, for example.
Sometime.
sort of mid-COVID.
Mid-COVID, he says.
Mid-COVID.
Stop lying.
Wow.
But the next one is even more interesting.
The next one is not just Zubin.
It's Zubin and his friend, Vinay Prasad, and Marty Marquet, who's now the FDA head.
But before, sorry.
Marty Marquet?
McCary?
These two shitheads can't even say his name.
So I guess they don't know that he has a UK passport.
These two clowns didn't even know Gottlieb's name when they showed a clip of him the other day, talking about taking aluminum out of the shots.
They made fun of him.
And then she was like, who is that guy anyway?
You know, the guy who was the head of the FDA during COVID and now sits on the board of Pfizer.
duo of shitheads with their fake safari shirt colors and shit beetle here didn't even know his name.
I hadn't seen that.
It's just an obvious straw man about how it would work, about what regulatory capture looks like.
I mean, he conflates regulatory capture with rank-and-file doctors actively keeping things from patients, which is not the same thing.
Yeah, it's preposterous.
And it is completely in conflict, you know.
On the one hand,
He is capable of seeing that there were things done on the vaccine side that weren't right And the point is he just doesn't have the imagination or no, he thinks you're smart and you know the science But he used the f-word like five times to insult you It's not that dissimilar to how for a year and a half or two years kevin mccarran was on the internet putting hot dogs in sam bailey's mouth and calling her a whore
And then suddenly in 2022, because the script called for it, Mark Bailey and Kevin McCarran did a long stream with Tim Truth about whether or not viruses are real or not.
Stop lying!
It's all one malevolent script.
It's all one little lollapalooza of liars.
And they're all spread around the world because these shitheads needed to be spread around the world to create an illusion of consensus.
or to see what happened on the repurposed drug side, which, of course, as we've talked at length about, was it was very important that there not be an alternative for various reasons.
The EUA narrowly requires it, as you pointed out so many.
So now we're going to talk about the fact that they played around with ivermectin because they didn't want the EUA not to be granted, because if there are other ways to cure the disease, then you can't get an EUA.
Stop.
But that's ridiculous, of course, because then there wouldn't be 220 EUAs granted for PCR diagnostics, because once you had one that worked, you wouldn't make 220 more of them.
So this is a lie.
The EUAs were being given out whenever they were applied for.
There was no process here of making sure that we need an EUA.
The EUAs were turned on.
That's how this happened.
So this is already a bullshit lie.
Just going to have to stop it every five seconds.
This is so bad.
Here's a go.
But also just generally to the extent that there was a radical injection
and a very well understood, very safe drug, which had better efficacy with respect to addressing the disease, lots of people would have opted against the injection.
And so it needed to not be viable.
And there's no mention of hydroxychloroquine and zinc.
No mention of the role of zinc and the fact that ivermectin might not do you very much good if you didn't have zinc or anything.
No, nothing.
Just one drug right now is ivermectin because, of course, Zubin was also scripted to say just one drug, ivermectin, not hydroxychloroquine or just the repurposed drugs in general.
But can we go to the other video here?
These are political anger backlash from this mandate.
There they are, the children again.
Here we go.
And of course, it's the threesome, right?
And remember, he's not going to realize that it's a little fishy.
that this Indian and that Indian and the UK guy were doing podcasts together and then two of the three of them got to the top of the FDA.
He's not gonna see that as weird even though these two guys are at Stanford where also all this other shit is occurring.
Internet observatory of Palantir and and Huberman is from and Stanford is nasty.
Oh Well, how is it possible that we're allowing this to happen?
It created never backs it created never backs Empowered idiots like Malone and McCullough who are out there spouting bullshit
Oh, and they also say Malone and McCullough, so they just say the names of these people that we don't want anybody to know.
They just say the names of these people that we don't want anybody to know who just serendipitously ended up on the ACIP this year.
Oops.
Just like these guys accidentally ended up at the CBER and at FDA, you know, just accidentally, I don't know.
We were just trying to podcast to save the world.
And we found ourselves falling face first into the butter.
And now I'm head of the FDA and my buddy is head of CBER.
And we can talk a lot of shit about cancer, because that's what we used to work on.
Insane talk, and it empowered them.
They're like the Nazgul, they're like,
Because the government is idiotic.
You always empower people who are wrong when you have a credibility vacuum and when you overplay your hand.
Okay, so there you have Vinay Prasad, who is in charge of basically vaccine safety.
Before he was.
Before he was, but this is same guy.
And Marty Marquet, who's now in charge of the FDA.
This is also before.
He still can't say that sucker's name, which is really just pathetic.
I'll just call it professionalism, right?
If you're going to masquerade as somebody who's going to make a show,
And you can't improvise or you can't learn somebody's names or you need a script or some shit like that.
You better get good at it.
It's just like, I kind of feel like, you know, you're asking people to... This guy is such a fraud.
Like what a piece of junk this guy is.
He was there.
And you can hear, you know, they're nodding along with Zubin Damania here, who is arguing that, you know, Robert Malone is a crazed Nazgul like character.
Well, you heard him on the ACIP committee.
Did that sound crazed to you?
That sounded like the most
careful, possible presentation of an actually alarming situation you could imagine.
And here he's being portrayed as a crazy person with, you know, yeah, Vinay did not say it, nor did Markay say it.
But the point is, you've got an ethos, which is, well, let's not get carried away with, you know, concerns about pharmaceutical excesses.
What is she typing, I wonder?
And so the upshot of all of this is,
That's interesting.
I find that interesting.
At the point, it became clear that Pharma wildly overplayed its hand.
He turned a page, by the way.
Pharma wildly overplayed its hand.
Wasn't going to be able to just simply shout down all of us who had concerns about the mRNA platform as anti-vaxxers, that that wasn't going to work.
There were too many vaccine injuries.
People were too aware that they had been conned.
How many people with a vaccine injury has he had on his show?
How many people with a person that died of the protocols has he had on his show?
And now you can see how treacherous he is.
How much of a traitor, fraud, piece of shit of a man this guy is.
told they wouldn't get COVID, they got the shot, then they did get COVID.
So there was too much awareness that something that they had been told was incorrect.
At the point pharma discovered it had overplayed its hand and that it had basically cratered any trust that existed for that entire industry, there is a fallback position.
And my concern is, do I think Vinay Prasad is in on it?
No.
I think Vinay Prasad probably looks at himself in the mirror and he thinks, you know, these shots were oversold.
They're dangerous.
He's already participated in reducing the population for whom they are recommended radically.
He probably looks at himself in the mirror and he thinks the number of people that I have saved from being injected with this risky shot is huge and he probably feels pretty good about himself.
But what he doesn't realize is that he's being drafted into
the highest echelon of the middle ground scramble in which Pharma is attempting to create the impression that actually it was reasonable to inject these things into anybody.
And it isn't.
And so that... Keep in mind that one of the enchantments that he's casting here is very, very subtle.
And it is this middle ground scramble.
And when he says middle ground scramble, what he's implying is that he's on a far end of a spectrum.
And then there's a middle ground, and then there's another end of the spectrum over there, and he's on one end of it.
And that's a limited spectrum of debate.
That's the illusion that gets created when you either have to choose between dipshit number one named Zubin, or dipshit number two named Brett.
And that's really the extraordinary trap we're in and it takes extraordinary morons like Brett Weinstein to construct such a trap.
Nobody would willingly do this if they didn't actually think that they were doing something smart.
He's actually talking very accurately about Vinay, very accurately about Marty, very accurately about himself.
Because I don't think any of these people are sophisticated enough to know that they have been so played.
They have just put a ridiculous amount of trust in state actors and liars.
Now, I could be wrong.
It could be that he's in on it in a much deeper way and knows for sure that his dad and Peter Thiel and Elon Musk and Donald Trump are all working together with the rest of the DNC to make this anti-conservative movement just tank in America.
Because that's what I see.
I see a Trojan horse that's leading the conservative right in America off a cliff where they've put all their eggs into the wrong basket and they're too stubborn to realize it.
and so they're still believing that somehow behind all the bullshit of Donald Trump doing all the bullshit that he's doing now he's still a good guy he's just juggling and it's 3d chess or 5d warfare or whatever the hell these shitheads think it is and in reality these people are all being used by the same ruling elite they are just performing a show and you don't need to think of
Of Donald Trump any smarter than Brett Weinstein any smarter than Zubin and any smarter than Robert F. Kennedy jr they're all about mid-level dumb and about mid-level smart and ridiculously aware that there is a Governing elite and that they can audition to be a part of it that's what we're faced with is did you know did the process that
Persad himself alludes to in the tweet, which we didn't see.
And the sub stack that he wrote, um, the process in which he became sending people to his sub stack again, if you didn't see it, go check it, right?
This is all part of the same illusion promoting X. Cause I didn't show the tweet, but we should have shown it and promoting sub stack.
These are all part of the same social media network.
That's one of the reasons why I don't write a substack very often.
I don't want to feed that beast.
empowered, it trained him to find nuance where there isn't any.
That's really the question.
You know, we have shots that carry a tremendous danger and for which it is very difficult to make a rational argument that it is in anyone's interest to take them at this point.
And yet, and yet he still can't explain the reason why is because intramuscular injection in general is biologically unsound.
even though he claims to be a biologist who's really keen on understanding complex systems.
And he's going to keep saying complex systems.
He's never going to say, hey, pattern integrity with a trajectory across time, because that would describe an irreducible complexity rather than a complex system.
And when he changes to saying pattern integrity with a trajectory across time, I will be dead.
That's what will happen.
And when I'm dead, he will change to that.
He'll probably even write a book about it.
They're not only still on the market, but they're being recommended for people in spite of an increasingly clear picture of, yes, heart damage, but also body-wide damage that really should be our focus.
Frankly, all you need to know is that they didn't stay in the deltoid where we were told they would stay.
That's not all you need to know.
You see, that's the problem.
That is the illusion.
that the reason why Robert Malone had to go public was because Byron Bridle revealed that they didn't stay in the deltoid, that's for sure.
Interestingly enough, don't forget that the company called Inovio that was purchased by Robert Malone's company, GeneTronic or whatever, that company specialized in electroporation internally in the deltoid muscle, not on the skin, but deltoid electroporation.
Now the benefit of deltoid electroporation is that the DNA will exclusively be electroporated at the site of electroporation and the rest of the DNA, if it does float away from the injection site, will be cleaned up rapidly by the body.
And so it's kind of curious that Robert Malone has a technology that could be potentially one of the updates to genetic vaccines in the future.
uniquely positioned and uniquely promoted by as wide a range as people as Vinay Prasad and Zubin all agreeing that he was a Nazgul in 2021 now talking about him at the ACIP and This is the script and we are dead balls on it It was never plausible that they were going to they were always going to leak out but the manufacturers
It was never plausible.
And that's again, it's skipping this thing that I tried to get him to understand for a year on Signal.
We already know it doesn't stay there because we transfect animals all the time.
We already know it won't work because we do it all the time.
And in animals, I tried to explain to him, when you transfect the brain of a mouse,
The transfection eventually dies or it gets killed or it gets removed by the immune system.
We don't really know for sure because when we transfect mice, we kill them before that happens so that we can still see what we did.
Yes, I explained that to him too in 2021.
And yeah, he's still not explaining it to anyone else.
He's still claiming that he is at the cutting edge of understanding with this very limited simplification of how dangerous transfection is.
It's just crazy.
And so remember, one of the proofs you might need is that, let me get out of here and make sure that this is right.
I apologize.
It's not right.
It would be extremely curious, right, if I could find another example of ZDogg promoting somebody in the mythology.
So again, what I'm suggesting to you is, is that ZDogg would be scripted to promote people that they want alternative people to go to.
So ZDogg would never have done a video about me.
He would never have done a video about, uh,
Maybe even Kevin McKernan, like they, they send you to places.
That's why he did the swearing video about Brett Weinstein.
And I think this is evidence for him being scripted because why else would you do this video?
Everybody, it's Dr. Zubin Damania, aka ZDoggMD.
Alright, about a million people have sent me this clip.
So the illusion of consensus that he's casting here is that his followers, like millions of them, have already sent him this clip.
Which, to anybody listening to this video, seems like there's an illusion of consensus that I need to see this clip too.
plandemic about the conspiracy with Fauci and Dr. Judy Mikevich, and I got to admit, I am shook.
After having watched the whole thing, I am shook that Americans are so freaking stupid as to take even a second of this horrible garbage conspiracy nonsense seriously.
Really?
You guys want me to sit and debunk this garbage?
What is wrong with us as a people?
What's gone wrong with our education?
What's gone wrong with our common sense?
The first five seconds of that video,
reeks of crazy sauce, and no one can recognize that.
It has millions of views, YouTube keeps taking it down, which you know I don't believe in censorship.
But guys, Judy Mikevich, if you do a simple Google search, you can find out the main claim of the video is that she was falsely arrested with no charges for like going against Fauci or something.
No, she was arrested because she took, stole equipment, notes, and data from a lab that she was fired from.
She's a PhD scientist.
She was known for, in 2009,
putting out a paper saying that chronic fatigue syndrome was caused by a murine virus.
Well, it turns out that paper was retracted from science when they realized no one could replicate it and her methods and science were completely shoddy.
Now ever since then, she's been on a mission to try to prove to people that she's not crazy.
And this video does not help that.
It is filled with the worst kind of InfoWars garbage conspiracy nonsense.
It's a who's who of nonsensical thinking.
They go, and doctors have been saying, and then they show a chiropractor going, you should drink tonic water.
It's the same chiropractor that I've railed on again.
They have a clip of the two Bakersfield doctors.
Why are they having us say COVID on everything?
Well, because you get paid more when you diagnose COVID.
We already know that.
How does that prove this whole thing is some big Fauci conspiracy theory?
This is crazy.
Don't waste your time watching it.
Don't waste your time sharing it.
Don't waste your time talking about it.
I can't believe I'm wasting my time doing this, but I just want to stop getting messages about it.
because it's really frustrating to think that people are this freaking stupid.
So that proves it to me of an increasingly clear picture of yes, heart damage, but also body wide damage.
That really should be our focus.
And so this is particularly what I tried to get them to understand or tried to articulate in the Signal chat.
And it is the one thing that he admitted one time on a podcast, actually opposite Robert Malone, where he said that he thought he came up with this idea on his own, but he also heard Peter McCullough and Jonathan Cooey say it.
But I don't think he heard Peter McCullough say it.
I think he heard me say it.
And he said it that way because Peter McCullough is on the script that Robert Malone's on.
And so in order to dilute me, he calls me JJ Cooey after he mentions Peter McCullough, but he says that this was my idea too.
And yeah, I have that video, but I get tired of playing it because it's just shitty.
Frankly, all you need to know is that they didn't stay in the deltoid where we were told they would stay.
Now, it was never plausible that they were going to.
They were always going to leak out.
But the manufacturers claim about how this shot produces immunity.
Once you know that it's going to be doing that haphazardly around the body, you know you've got a problem.
It doesn't take much understanding of immunobiology to recognize that if you are going to instruct cells haphazardly around the body to produce a foreign antigen, that that is going to cause a problem where your immune system is going to attack your own cells and kill them, because when your own cells produce a foreign antigen, they are understood by your system to be virally infected, and that's what the body does to virally infected cells.
And so there's the first enchantment.
It's not that they're virally infected, that they're expressing proteins they're not supposed to express.
It doesn't even need to be foreign.
If a skin cell was presenting proteins that it's not expected to present, there's a good chance that I think the immune system would destroy that cell.
That's what cytotoxic T cells are doing all the time.
Natural killer cells are doing all the time.
These different names for these different cells that we don't really know are, you know, grouped into a name like that.
But nevertheless, there are a lot of autonomous operators in our body, which are designed to look and make sure and patrol that cells are producing proteins that they're supposed to produce.
And that
That process involves the presentation of small epitopes on MHC molecules on the outside of cells, and then an interface between the immune system cell and that molecule to sort of check off the fact that, yeah, you're permitted to express this protein.
And so this is also thought to be the primary checkpoint for the detection of cancerous cells, cells that are dividing that aren't supposed to divide.
And so for him to say that this is what your body does to virally infected cells is an enchantment.
because it's not virally infected cells.
It's cells that are expressing proteins they're not permitted to express.
And so that, again, is him trying to twist a simplified biology to fit into the virology peg, you know, round peg in a square hole or whatever.
I agree that haphazard lack of targeting and escape from the intended target is
terrible, and not obviously what the manufacturers intended.
But I don't think I don't think your framing of all you need to know is right here, because it still feels really arcane.
I think to most people, I think, I mean, especially even just like the fact that whenever whenever you've said that, because it's true, you use the word deltoid, you know, I used to teach comparative anatomy, and I still like deltoid, right?
Like, it's, it's just,
Is anybody else getting angry yet?
It's still it's too it's it's too arcane.
Well, let me say what I'm still waiting.
I know what you mean.
And I'm but I'm saying that we need if we are to have a true story by which to compel people to wake up and figure out how to do what is best for them.
The story needs to be inviting to access and easy to stay with and remember.
And such a story might start with all you need to know, because that invites a person in with like, oh, this is this is not going to be hard.
It's going to be fun.
I'm going to be entertained.
Right.
But it can't then go to deltoid haphazard targeting that like it just needs to be so she understands that you need very succinct messaging.
And she knows who I am, because at one point in time, she said a very succinct message of mine that we should call these transfections, not vaccines.
And that would impart a lot of knowledge on people.
It would encourage a lot of people to work in a different direction.
And she said that in 2022, about nine months after I explained it to her and her husband, and Alexandros Marinos, and Chris Martinson, and Jumi Kim, and Matt Crawford, all in the same signal chat.
And they're all traitorous liars.
And so now we're in 2025 in fricking July.
And these absolutely atrocious Americans are pretending that they're still trying to pull their head out.
And this is all they've got.
We don't really have a succinct message yet.
You know, like RNA cannot pandemic or intramuscular injection in general is probably not very intelligent or that transfection is what they should have been called from the beginning.
And because we didn't tell anybody they were transfection, we were kind of lying because we're kind of renaming things that already existed for 15 or 20 years before the pandemic that Robert Malone had the word in many papers on his resume.
These people are scripted traders.
They deserve the ire of every American in the world.
They deserve the ire of every free thinking person on earth because these people wittingly or unwittingly are very responsible for the number of people who were transfected, the number of people who were killed by protocols and the number of people who still can't see it.
Because these people have also never said that a half a million people were killed by opioids, and we have to figure that into the equation too.
Even though that's a pretty big, working, moving part of the complex system that they're supposed to be the only qualified experts to interpret.
This absolute fraud of a woman and a fraud of a biologist says that we need more succinct messages.
There needs to be something more compelling and more
I don't know.
I don't have the story.
I don't know what the answer is.
Well, maybe just Shannon Joy has the story flags, natural disasters, you know, government imposed disasters, World War Three, you name it.
You know, we have a lot coming at us.
And this is why so many Americans are going to the satellite phone store to make sure they have everything they need when the lights go out.
And they do have everything from generators to solar panels to satellite phones, amazing packages and discounts for the joy audience exclusively.
They also have a full line of Faraday protection, Faraday beanies, bags, blankets, bulletproof Faraday backpacks.
This is the technology.
This is where we are, ladies and gentlemen.
In Las Vegas in August, there's going to be a Ground Zero conference where the traitor Giuliani, the traitor Jones, Stone, the traitor Bannon, the traitor Mike Flynn, all of these people are posers.
All of these people are liars.
None of them are patriots.
This guy is basically responsible for handling this Jerome Corsi guy.
And Jerome Corsi is the guy who got basically Zeb Zelenko killed.
This guy said it was a lab leak in January of 2025 and had Steven Hadfield on his show a couple days later.
This woman has been lying about the autism spectrum disorder and how a component of the MMR gave it to her son for the last 15 years.
This guy sells pillows.
For too long, voices championing American first have been pushed to the margins, labeled as threats to the establishment in silence.
The gateway pundit and American icons like General Flynn, Rudy Giuliani, Steve Bannon, Roger Stone, and others have shared the truth despite the radicals attempt to destroy them.
Now they are coming together under one roof where we will honor their patriotism.
This is a movement where real conversations happen.
The mainstream media won't show you where leaders put America's interests first, share their unfiltered vision for our nation's future.
Don't miss your chance to be a part of the America First Ground Zero Conference.
The conservative movement in America is being destroyed by these people.
And we need to take it back.
Conservative Americans need to wake up and apologize for having bought into this elaborate, long con.
because there was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality and they timed this elaborate long con to cue it off exactly when this little bump in all-cause mortality around the world was about to hit the top of the pyramid.
And so that anticipated rise in all-cause mortality only needed to be sculpted a little bit because there was an irreducibly complex background that they could lie about.
I mean, make no mistake about it.
Since 2002, they could have been characterizing this background so that they had all the
all the phylogeny of all these signals that they had ready to go so that they could just say, yeah, then we found this one and it's there.
And we found this one and it's there.
Oh no, it looks like Toyotas are spreading everywhere.
We better test for them.
And there they are.
They're in your garage.
Guess what?
Holy shit.
Now it's Kias.
Oh my gosh.
My neighbor across the street has one of those.
And this sculpting using murder and lies is hidden by people like Denny Rancor, who have put out paper after paper since the beginning of the pandemic about all-cause mortality, hidden by people that are so stupid they don't understand it, like Brett Weinstein and his wife, and hidden by people who, after six years of trying to find justice, have apparently never thought of trying to list all the ways that Americans were murdered.
so that we could rule those out first and then see if there's anything left for a mystery virus to do.
Nobody has had this strategy.
No one, not one of these people with their amazing sub stacks have never bothered to keep a running total of, I don't know, all the ways that people died.
It's really amazing that somebody as sophisticated and complex systems as Brett Weinstein is not able to see that we have no experimental and no empirical evidence for the phenomenon of endemicity, as either a process or an endpoint.
We just have a background and people tell stories about it.
But Brett Weinstein is not complicated enough to understand that, not sophisticated enough to understand that because he's playing a role.
He's playing a shtick and he's sticking to the script.
And so he can't even think about what he was scripted to say in 2020 and 2021 or the danger he's in as a fraud would become palpable.
and never be able to be dispelled back into his subconscious again.
Ladies and gentlemen, using their tests to find their ghost doesn't make their ghost real.
Endemicity is a myth, and that's why we have a fake anti-vax, a fake health freedom movement led by shitheads like Brett Weinstein, and shitheads like Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and traitors to our grandchildren like Mary Holland.
Thank you very much for being here.
Thanks for being here.
Tomorrow's Friday, and I'm really looking forward to it.
If you wanted to know who this is, my name is Jonathan Cooey.
I'm coming to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can find my academic work on PubMed.
That's the National Library of Medicine's PubMed website.
You can use my last name, Cooey, C-O-U-E-Y, with the first initials J and J. You can also find a lot of my work in the Wuhan Cover-Up book written by Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
I also used to work for Children's Health Defense before I figured out they were traitors and then they fired me.
And I used to be friends with Jay Bhattacharya.
I shared a lot of barbecue time with him.
But since he's become part of Robert Malone's team, I am a person non grata.
I do have a website.
I do also have a couple YouTube channels.
I'm using JC on the bike today because they gave a strike to JC in the woods for my stream yesterday.
It's really remarkable.
I think they're actually seeing it now.
Thank you very much for being here.
If you want to share my work, please do, because that's how this works.
If you share the work, people find the biology and kapow.
This all works out really great.
And if you want to support this work, please, I humbly submit that you go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to do so, including find a way to share the work.
Thanks very much for being here, everybody.
Thanks for your patience.
Happy 4th of July.
Gonna see you tomorrow.
Don't worry, I will be on tomorrow.
No fireworks, but I will be on tomorrow.
Thank you very much for being here.
Love you all very much.
Be good.
It's not the weekend yet, Ancient.
I'm gonna be on again tomorrow.
Don't be telling everybody I'm not on tomorrow.
I'm on tomorrow.
It's not a holiday for me, baby.